Update User Guide for API tokens v2 (#1068)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/users-roles-permissions/configuring-administrator-roles.md

| Setting name            | Permissions |
| ----------------------- | ----------- |

> | API Tokens | <ul><li>General</li><ul><li>"Create" - allows to create API tokens</li><li>"Read" - allows to see created API tokens (disabling this permission will disable access to the *Global Settings - API Tokens* settings)</li><li>"Update" - allows to edit API tokens</li><li>"Delete" - allows to delete API tokens</li></ul></ul> 👉 Path reminder to API Tokens settings: <br> *General > Settings > Global Settings - API Tokens* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Tokens | <ul><li>General</li><ul><li>"Create" - allows to create API tokens</li><li>"Read" - allows to see created API tokens (disabling this permission will disable access to the *Global Settings - API Tokens* settings)</li><li>"Update" - allows editing of API tokens</li><li>"Delete" - allows deletion of API tokens</li></ul></ul> 👉 Path reminder to API Tokens settings: <br> *General > Settings > Global Settings - API Tokens* |
```
